Presumptuous you know what I'm talking about
Want to exterminate hundreds of ethnic groups
Hundreds of ethnic groups are passed down from generation to generation in the building
Accumulated fluid over hundreds of years
That laid the foundation for the current situation
You want to destroy the dead
You kneel down now and apologize to the hundred feet
We will see for the sake of not killing animals at the ivy feast
Spare your life
Tell me to kneel
You are not qualified yet
Haicheng Sun family is not qualified
That plus my Zhou family of Hengzhong Group
It's not enough, plus is my Hengtai cost enough?
Green as mustard
How dare you give up the king
Then add my Nanyang Wang family?
See if you can still be so arrogant
Hahaha, you think too highly of yourself.
Haha, okay, okay.
The top 4 of the blond building, you offended them all
This time I'll see how you harvest
Deduct love
I know what you're thinking.
You just feel abandoned by me
With your brother, you can't keep face on your face
I intercede
How much is your face worth?
It's worth your life
Just don't make a fuss
Look at you now.
You were worthy of me that day
Now I have an invitation letter from the Qing army
Now we are no longer a class
I know you are unwilling
But your hair regardless of the occasion
It's your fault.
Put less gold on your face
Cheng Feifei, you also deserve it.
Everything you have today is from me
Including you, I missed the brotherhood
Give you a poverty reduction today
But what about you?
Forgot to count
I don't even recognize my mother
You don't deserve it.